
A.I. Engineering Intern (Colombia)
Colombia, Remote
About Sezzle

With a mission to financially empower the next generation, Sezzle is revolutionizing the shopping experience beyond payments, blending cutting-edge tech with seamless, interest-free installment plans that make shopping smarter and more accessible. We’re not just transforming payments; we’re redefining how people discover, interact with, and purchase the things they love while driving real impact on merchant sales through increased conversions and higher order values. As we continue to shape the future of fintech and retail, we’re building an innovative, dynamic team passionate about creating more than just a transaction but a truly unique shopping journey. If you’re excited about pushing boundaries in tech and delivering a game-changing experience for consumers and merchants alike, come join us at Sezzle and help create the future of shopping!

About the Role

We are seeking a talented and motivated AI Engineering Intern who is best in class with a high IQ plus a high EQ. This role presents an exciting opportunity to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment within a rapidly growing team, with abundant prospects for career advancement. You will join our Data Science team and play a key role in designing and building foundational A.I. systems at Sezzle.

What You'll Do

Design A.I. systems from the ground up
Generate reliable and accurate training data for our A.I. systems
Collaborate closely with engineers, data analysts, and business end users to build effective systems
Write accurate and efficient SQL queries
What We Look For

Proficiency in SQL and Python
Solid understanding of data analysis and database structures
Currently enrolled in a postsecondary institution studying MIS, Business
AnalyticsData Analytics, Computer
About You

You have relentlessly high standards - many people may think your standards are unreasonably high. You are continually raising the bar and driving those around you to deliver great results. You make sure that defects do not get sent down the line and that problems are fixed so they stay fixed.
You’re not bound by convention - your success—and much of the fun—lies in developing new ways to do things
You need action - speed matters in business. Many decisions and actions are reversible and do not need extensive study. We value calculated risk-taking.
You earn trust - you listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully.
You have backbone; disagree, then commit - you can respectfully challenge decisions when you disagree, even when doing so is uncomfortable or exhausting. You have conviction and are tenacious. You do not compromise for the sake of social cohesion. Once a decision is determined, you commit wholly.
You deliver results - you focus on the key inputs and deliver them with the right quality and in a timely fashion. Despite setbacks, you rise to the occasion and never settle.
Interview Process

Online Assessment (12 minutes)
SQL and Python Questions (30 minutes)
Virtual Interview (30 minutes)
 

Sezzle’s Technology Stack

Languages Golang, Typescript, Python
Frontend Typescript - React and React Native
Backend Golang
Database MySQL, Postgres, Elasticsearch
DevOps & Cloud AWS, Kubernetes
Version Control Git
CICD Gitlab
Testing Developer-driven, focus on automated unit, integration, and end-to-end tests
Sezzle is focused on using open source, and we build what we can before buying!
What Makes Working at Sezzle Awesome

At Sezzle, we are more than just brilliant engineers, passionate data enthusiasts, out-of-the-box thinkers, and determined innovators. We believe in surrounding ourselves with only the best and the brightest individuals. Our culture is not defined by a certain set of perks designed to give the illusion of the traditional startup culture, but rather, it is the visible example living in every employee that we hire. 

Compensation The salary for the A.I. Engineering Intern is 700 USD monthly gross.